everyone welcome back to my apple zone
and in this video I'm going to be doing
an unboxing and review of the klipsch
s4i headphones so let's get started
the s4 eyes are exactly the same as the
s 4's and offer the same great sound but
the s4 eyes also have a built-in mic and
3-button remote that was designed
specifically for the iphone let's get
the s4 eyes out of the box and take a
closer look at these headphones
the s4 eyes come with a cool looking
aluminum storage container inside the
storage container are three additional
sizes of earbuds and also included is an
earbud cleaning tool and finally a shirt
clip for your headphones
the s4 eyes earbuds fit well and are
extremely comfortable the s4 series
sound quality is amazing the bass
response is terrific and the vocals are
clear and crisp and the mid-range is
perfectly balanced the klipsch s4i is
offer some of the best audio quality you
can find for under a hundred dollars
the s4 eyes come with a 3-button remote
with the standard volume up and down
buttons the middle button is a
multi-purpose button and is primarily
used to answer an incoming call the
audio quality of the built-in mic is
well balanced and clear on the left are
apples in-ear headphones itself for
seventy nine dollars and on the right of
the s4 is itself for around ninety nine
dollars the s4 I sound quality is
superior to apples in ear headphones in
every way and a far better value for the
money the only negative I have with the
s4 eyes is the straight in mic jack the
s4 s had a mic jack at a 90 degree angle
which was a lot easier to use with other
devices the straight in jack is a little
bit cumbersome and sticks too far out
from for example the iPhone or your iPad
or your computer the s4 eyes work with
all Apple computers and iOS devices I've
owned several different brands of in-ear
headphones and the clips in ear
headphones are by far the best value for
the money I've included a link in the
description for more information about
the s4 eyes thanks everyone for stopping
by if you like this video please give it
a thumbs up to support the channel and
until next time I will talk to you later
you